#Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?
In the DriverPass project, a client approached us with the request to make a system that would help people prepare for their driving tests in every possible way. The client is a group or company that provides driver education and training. They wanted a system that could give them practice tests, study materials, and the ability to schedule driving lessons.

#What did you do particularly well?
The document's Gantt chart, in my opinion, provided a clear schedule of tasks that needed to be completed by specific deadlines and who was responsible for each task.Also, the business requirements documents was put well together. I showed what the system needed to do and what it couldn't do, along with the assumptions and limits that come with this design.

#If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
I believe that I could improve my UML Diagrams by being more specific with use cases and by including a use case such as user authentication or the use case of forgetting a password. Furthermore, it would have been prudent to maintain user information separately from transaction records. Finally, I am a highly visual and artistic individual who finds it effortless to read any type of color-coded document. However, I am aware that color-coding is not a preferred method in the business world and am making every effort to adopt that approach in my future business plans and projects. I am aware that this is the structured approach to business and thesis. 

#How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
By going over the interview questions and answers and taking notes on what the DriverPass company was looking for, I was able to identify the user’s requirements and implement for them. I believe it is vital to consider the user’s requirements even if they have not explicitly stated their requirements, as there may be components that need to be added to ensure the system is secure or user-friendly. Since the users will be the ones interacting with the system the most, it is essential that we provide them with something that is easy to use, provides security, offers the necessary driving assistance that they require, the system is practical, effective and easy to operate, all of which will lead to higher levels of user success and satisfaction.
#How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
In my understanding, when you are working with a client, your main task must be to understand what the client wants the most and your solution to this would be what is the best solution you can provide the client with which will be a good practice to maintain with future clients. In the future it would help me tremendously to prepare all required documents and notes in front of me, design and go over the materials once more to make sure that what is represented in the diagram is what is required of me to provide to my client, now is the developer part where the code has to be created, which is developing the design and all documents are be sure that all required documents are compiled in this code, and finally last step would be to go over the whole design, code, and documetns all together and rule out any errors along the way that I might have overlooked along the way, fix them and be ready to meet with my client and have a conversation about how I did. 
